England vs New Zealand, 2019 World Cup Cricket Final.

New Zealand innings
Martin Guptill and Henry Nicholls opened the innings for New Zealand, with Nicholls scoring his first half-century of the tournament. A further 30 runs from captain Kane Williamson, and 47 from wicket-keeper Tom Latham, helped New Zealand to a total of 241/8 from their 50 overs. Chris Woakes and Liam Plunkett took three wickets each for the hosts.

England innings
Defending a middling score, the New Zealand bowlers bowled effectively, hampering England's top order, with only Jonny Bairstow managing more than a start with 36. With the loss of their top order, England fell to 86/4 in the 24th over; however, a century partnership between Ben Stokes and Jos Buttler for the fifth wicket got them back into the game before Buttler was caught. But with five overs to play, England still required another 46 runs and the bottom order were forced to bat more aggressively. Stokes managed to farm the strike and, more crucially, score runs, leaving England needing 15 to win from the final over, two wickets still in hand. After two dot balls, Stokes hit a six into the stands at deep mid-wicket, bringing their score to 233/8.

Super Over
With the scores tied at 241, the match went to a Super Over. Stokes and Buttler returned to the crease for England to face the bowling of Trent Boult; the pair scored 15 runs without loss, with both batsmen contributing a boundary four. For New Zealand, Guptill and James Neesham went in to face Jofra Archer, needing 16 runs to claim the title. Archer's over started badly, beginning with a wide, and a steady accumulation of runs, along with a six from Neesham off the third ball, left New Zealand needing two from the final delivery. Facing his first ball of the Super Over and the last of the match, Guptill hit the ball to deep mid-wicket and tried to scamper back for the winning run, but Roy's throw in to Buttler was a good one, and Guptill was run out well short of his crease. New Zealand finished with 15 runs, the Super Over tied, but England's superior boundary count (26 to New Zealand's 17) meant they won the World Cup title for the first time in four final appearances. Stokes earned Man of the Match honours with his unbeaten 84, plus eight runs in the Super Over.
